README.md, before:

# Tideland Go Actor

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/tideland/go-actor.svg)](https://github.com/tideland/go-actor)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-New%20BSD-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tideland/go-actor/master/LICENSE)
[![Go Module](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/tideland/go-actor)](https://github.com/tideland/go-actor/blob/master/go.mod)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/tideland.dev/go/actor?status.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/actor?tab=packages)
![Workflow](https://github.com/tideland/go-actor/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/tideland/go-actor)](https://goreportcard.com/report/tideland.dev/go/actor)

## Description

**Tideland Go Actor** provides running backend goroutines for the sequential execution
of anonymous functions. Those can work synchronously as well as synchronously. This simplifies
the implementation of concurrent code.

I hope you like it. ;)

## Example

```go
type Counter struct {
	counter int
	act     *actor.Actor
}

func NewCounter() (*Counter, error) {
	act, err := actor.Go()
	if err != nil {
		return nil, err
	}
	c := &Counter{
		counter: 0,
		act:     act,
	}
	return c, nil
}

func (c *Counter) Incr() error {
	return c.act.DoAsync(func() {
		c.counter++
	})
}

func (c *Counter) Get() (int, error) {
	var counter int
	if err := c.act.DoSync(func() {
		counter = c.counter
	}); err != nil {
		return 0, err
	}
	return counter, nil
}

func (c *Counter) Stop() {
	c.act.Stop()
}
```

## Contributors

- Frank Mueller (https://github.com/themue / https://github.com/tideland / https://tideland.dev)

Commit message:

Remove context as actor field

README.md, after:

# Tideland Go Actor

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/tideland/go-actor.svg)](https://github.com/tideland/go-actor)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-New%20BSD-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tideland/go-actor/master/LICENSE)
[![Go Module](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/tideland/go-actor)](https://github.com/tideland/go-actor/blob/master/go.mod)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/tideland.dev/go/actor?status.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/actor?tab=packages)
![Workflow](https://github.com/tideland/go-actor/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/tideland/go-actor)](https://goreportcard.com/report/tideland.dev/go/actor)

## Description

**Tideland Go Actor** provides running backend goroutines for the sequential execution
of anonymous functions following the actor model. The Actors can work asynchronously as
well as synchronously. Additionally the Actor provides methods for the periodical 
execution of code under control of an Actor. So background operation can be automated.

All together simplifies the implementation of concurrent code.

I hope you like it. ;)

## Example

```go
type Counter struct {
	counter int
	act     *actor.Actor
}

func NewCounter() (*Counter, error) {
	act, err := actor.Go()
	if err != nil {
		return nil, err
	}
	c := &Counter{
		counter: 0,
		act:     act,
	}
	return c, nil
}

func (c *Counter) Incr() error {
	return c.act.DoAsync(func() {
		c.counter++
	})
}

func (c *Counter) Get() (int, error) {
	var counter int
	if err := c.act.DoSync(func() {
		counter = c.counter
	}); err != nil {
		return 0, err
	}
	return counter, nil
}

func (c *Counter) Stop() {
	c.act.Stop()
}
```

## Contributors

- Frank Mueller (https://github.com/themue / https://github.com/tideland / https://tideland.dev)
